There are guards and always Liu
Deceive people
Not guaranteed now
This kid, even Long Wan is going to be unlucky
Bad luck
This trash is best dead
It actually disturbed my Jiangcheng family Saint Ye Liu's compliance
Uncle liu
Everything is not easy and delusional
This person disrupts the party
How dare you injure the person hosting the banquet of my Sun family
This daughter of the Long family is still protecting him
Exactly.
Business
The life of the whole family
You shut up
How dare the little beast be presumptuous in front of Lord Liu
It's you who messed up the Yellow Dragon Feast
Guarded
Sun Quan gave me Mr. Lu's family and insulted his sister
Mr. Lu only came to the door because of his sister's eagerness
Nonsense
Fruit is all for the party
Okay, I don't care.
You immediately roll to the door and kneel
Dead or alive
It all depends on how I entertain that person
He doesn't know Mr. Zhong
Or did you invite someone else?
Is it a Hongmen banquet?
kid
You offended the big shot that Liu Dayun entertained
You are dead.
Look at the face of my Long family
Does the Long family have a job to eat?
I deserve to ask Lord Liu for face
Hahahaha
The so-called guard
Grandmaster
It's this bowl of stuff
Hahaha high above
Open and closed, full of superiority
But you are in my eyes
What is it?
The boy gives you a chance to live
You don't know what's good
Give me a chance to live
You don't have this qualification yet
The old man will kill you for Lord Liu today